[Music]
then the people of the land took jehovah
has the son of Josiah and made him King
in his father's place in Jerusalem
jehovah has was 23 years old when he
became king and he reigned three months
in jerusalem now the king of egypt
deposed him at Jerusalem and he imposed
on the land a tribute of 100 talents of
silver and a talent of gold then the
king of Egypt major her has brother
Alaric him king over Judah and Jerusalem
and changed his name to Jehoiakim and
Nico took jehovah has his brother and
carried him off to egypt Jehoiakim was
25 years old when he became King and he
reigned 11 years in Jerusalem and he did
evil in the sight of the Lord his God
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
against him and bound him in bronze
fetters to carry him off to Babylon
Nebuchadnezzar also carried off some of
the articles from the house of the Lord
to Babylon and put them in his temple at
Babylon now the rest of the acts of
Jehoiakim the abominations which he did
and what was found against him indeed
they are written in the book of the
kings of Israel and Judah
then JA Hayek in his son reigned in his
place Jehoiakim was 8 years old when he
became King and he reigned in Jerusalem
3 months and 10 days and he did evil in
the sight of the Lord at the turn of the
year
King Nebuchadnezzar summoned him and
took him to Babylon with the costly
articles from the house of the Lord and
made Zedekiah Shahi Ockham's brother
King over Judah and Jerusalem
Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became
King and he reigned 11 years in
Jerusalem he did evil in the sight of
the Lord his God and did not humble
himself before Jeremiah the Prophet who
spoke from the mouth of the Lord and he
also rebelled against King
Nebuchadnezzar who had made him swear an
oath by God but he stiffened his neck
and hardened his heart against turning
to the Lord God of Israel moreover all
the leaders of the priests and the
people transgressed more and more
according to all the abominations of the
nation's and defile the house of the
Lord which he had consecrated in
Jerusalem
and the lord god of their fathers sent
warnings to them by his messengers
rising up early and sending them because
he had compassion on his people and on
his dwelling place but they mocked the
messengers of God despised his words and
scoffed at his prophets until the wrath
of the Lord arose against his people
till there was no remedy
therefore he brought against them the
king of the Chaldeans who killed their
young men with the sword in the house of
their sanctuary and had no compassion on
young man or virgin on the aged or the
weak he gave them all into his hand and
all the articles from the house of God
great and small the treasures of the
house of the Lord and the treasures of
the King and of his leaders all these he
took to Babylon and they burned the
house of God broke down the wall of
Jerusalem burned all its palaces with
fire and destroyed all its precious
possessions
those who escaped from the sword he
carried away to Babylon where they
became servants to him and his sons
until the rule of the kingdom of Persia
to fulfill the word of the Lord by the
mouth of jeremiah until the land had
enjoyed her Sabbath's
as long as she laid desolate she kept
Sabbath to fulfill 70 years now in the
first year of Cyrus king of Persia that
the word of the Lord by the mouth of
Jeremiah might be fulfilled the Lord
stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of
Persia so that he made a proclamation he
threw out all his kingdom and also put
it in writing
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
heaven has given me and he has commanded
me to build him a house at Jerusalem
which is in Judah who is among you of
all his people may the Lord his God be
with him and let him go up
[Music]
you